What's the matter? I was asking you something
What!
Song Zeyu's company finances are in trouble
Did you know about this?
Do you know?
Xiaoning told me that it seems to be quite serious.
If you don't get it right, the company can't go public
Is that right?
You look me in the eye and tell me
It's true, you said it all
We are now grasshoppers on a string
I can still lie to you
I guess you wouldn't dare to lie to me either.
Then just wait.
See how I treat him
The company goes public in the next life
Hey, what's up?
Don't you want to make up for it?
Here's your chance. What do you do?
Listen to this.
Recently
Thank you all for your hard work
Our company is about to go public
Thank you all for your hard work.
There are still three days left.
I hope you all hold on tight.
Wait until our company is listed
I'll give everyone a bonus
Dividing shares will never treat you badly.